1. Each of the Parties under this Agreement disclosing Confidential Information shall be referred to as the "Disclosing Party", and each of the Parties under this Agreement receiving Confidential Information shall be referred to as the "Recipient".
2. The Parties may find it mutually beneficial to disclose to each other certain Confidential Information.  The Parties, intending to be legally bound in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, agree as follows:
	1. Confidential Information means all non-public information (whether audio, visual or in any other form) concerning or related to the business, operations, results of operations, assets and affairs of the Disclosing Party, including, but not limited to, financial and accounting information, business plans, operating methods, business strategies, product and service information, product plans, product specifications, product designs, processes, plans, drawings, concepts, research and development data and materials, systems, techniques, trade secrets, intellectual property, software programs and works of authorship, know-how, marketing and distribution plans, planning data, marketing strategies, price lists, market studies, employee lists, supplier lists, customer and prospect lists, and supplier and other customer information and data that the Disclosing Party discloses (or has, prior to the date of this Agreement, disclosed) to the Recipient as well as third party information provided under an obligation of confidentiality ("Confidential Information").  Information shall be deemed to be Confidential Information if it is marked confidential, if it is identified as Confidential Information orally by the Disclosing Party, or if, under the circumstances, the information could be reasonably considered to be confidential.  The Disclosing Party may additionally classify previously furnished information as Confidential Information.
	2. The Recipient shall hold Confidential Information in confidence with the same care Recipient uses for its own Confidential Information, which in no event, shall be less than a reasonable standard of care.  Confidential Information shall be used solely in good faith, and Recipient shall limit disclosure of Confidential Information to its employees, directors, officers, counsel, consultants, affiliates or contractors (the "Representatives") who have a need to know such Confidential Information and who are bound by an obligation of confidentiality arising to a level similar to this Agreement and are notified that such information is Confidential Information and must be kept in confidence as set forth in this Agreement.  Prior to providing Confidential Information to any consultant or contractor, Recipient shall ensure that an executed non-disclosure agreement is in place with protections that are substantially similar to the protections in this Agreement.  Recipient shall be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by its Representatives.
	3. The obligations of confidentiality under this Agreement shall not apply to any information that:
		a. was previously known to Recipient free of any obligation to keep it confidential;
		b. is or has become publicly known, through no wrongful act of either of the Parties;
		c. was received from a third party who the Recipient reasonably believes is under no obligation of confidence;
		d. was independently developed by recipient without use of Confidential Information that has been disclosed pursuant to this Agreement as evidenced by written record; or
		e. was required to be disclosed in order to comply with applicable law or regulation (including without limitation for securities law purposes) or with any requirement imposed by any governmental or court order but only to the extent required.
	4. Prior to making any disclosure under subsection (e) above, Recipient shall, to the extent legally permissible, immediately notify the Disclosing Party of the required disclosure upon receipt of a governmental or court order, and cooperate with the Disclosing Party in making a good faith effort to obtain a protective order or other appropriate determination against or limiting disclosure or use of the Confidential Information.
	5. The Recipient shall notify the Disclosing Party immediately upon discovery of any breach of this Agreement and will cooperate with the Disclosing Party in every reasonable way to help the Disclosing Party regain possession of the Confidential Information and prevent its further unauthorized disclosure and use.  The Recipient will use its best efforts to enforce the confidentiality obligations of this Agreement against its Representatives during and after the term of their engagement.
	6. Neither a Disclosing Party nor any of its Representatives has made or is making any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of such Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, and neither such Disclosing Party nor any of its Representatives will have any liability to the Recipient or to any of the Recipient’s Representatives relating to or resulting from the use of any of such Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information or any inaccuracies or errors therein or omissions therefrom.
	7. All Confidential Information shall remain the exclusive property of the Disclosing Party.  The disclosure of Confidential Information shall not constitute any grant to the Recipient, express or implied, of any rights to or under the Disclosing Party's patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or any other intellectual property rights.  Upon termination of the Agreement, or at the Disclosing Party's request, all Confidential Information shall be either returned to the Disclosing Party or destroyed and certified in writing that such Confidential Information has been destroyed.  Recipient may only retain copies of Confidential Information to the extent that such retention is required by law and will retain only that portion which is legally required.  Notwithstanding the return, destruction or retention of the Confidential Information, Recipient will continue to be bound by the obligations set forth in this Agreement.
	8. The Parties shall not, directly or indirectly, disclose, publicize or advertise in any manner the discussions that gave rise to this Agreement or the discussions or negotiations covered by this Agreement or the information provided pursuant to this Agreement without first obtaining the prior written consent of the other Party.
	9. This Agreement shall continue for a period of two (2) years from the Effective Date or until such time as a definitive agreement is entered into by the Parties.  With respect to Confidential Information protected by a trade secret, obligations set forth herein shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement until the later of: (i) five (5) years following expiration or termination of this Agreement; and (ii) the date upon which such Confidential Information is no longer a trade secret.
	10. The Parties acknowledge that the disclosure of a Disclosing Party's Confidential Information in violation of this Agreement may cause the Disclosing Party irreparable harm and that any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by the Recipient entitles the Disclosing Party to seek injunctive relief, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies available to it, in any court of competent jurisdiction.
	11. Import entire-agreement (https://github.com/ProjectBreeze/ProjectBreeze)
	12. Import no-joint-venture (https://github.com/ProjectBreeze/ProjectBreeze)
	13. Import counterparts (https://github.com/ProjectBreeze/ProjectBreeze)
